.vale/fixtures/RedHat/PascalCamelCase/testvalid.adoc, before:

3scale
AGPLv
AMQ
API
APIs
AppStream
BaseOS
CaaS
CentOS
CheckTree
CloudForms
CodeReady
ConnectX
Convert2RHEL
CoreOS
CPUs
DDoS
DevOps
DNSSec
Etcd
eXpress
eXtenSion
FaaS
FCoE
FDs
FreeRADIUS
GbE
GiB
GitOps
GlusterFS
GnuTLS
GTID
GTIDs
HashBase
HdrHistogram
Helm
HyperShift
IaaS
IBoE
IconBurst
Identity
IdM
IDs
IKEv
InfiniBand
Infrastructure
InnoDB
IPoIB
IPsec
IPv
ISVs
JavaScript
JBoss
KiB
LangTags
LGPLv
libOSMesa
LibreOffice
libXNVCtrl
LightPulse
LinuxONE
LiquidIO
Log4Shell
ManageIQ
MariaDB
MegaRAID
MiB
MoreUtils
MySQL
NetBIOS
NetWeaver
NetworkManager
NetXen
NetXtreme
NFSv
Node.js
NVidia
NVMe
OAuth
OneConnect
OpenEXR
OpenIPMI
OpenJDK
OpenSCAP
OpenShift
OpenSSH
OpenSSL
OpenStack
OSBuild
OSs
PaaS
PackageKit
PathTools
PCIe
PDFs
PipeWire
PostgreSQL
PowerShell
PulseAudio
PyPA
PyPI
QLogic
ReaR
relaxngDatatype
RHEL
RoCE
RPMs
SaaS
SeaBIOS
SELinux
SLAs
SQLite
STMicroelectronics
Subscription
SuperLU
TiB
TuneD
USBGuard
UUIDs
vCPUs
vDisk
vHost
VMs
vSphere
WireGuard
Words at the start of a sentence should not trigger the rule.
xPaaS
XString
XWayland
ZCentral

[source,terminal]
----
PersistentVolumeClaim should not be triggered in a code block
----

Commit message:

turn off PascalCamel case rule in headings

.vale/fixtures/RedHat/PascalCamelCase/testvalid.adoc, after:

== camelCase term should not be flagged in headings
3scale
AGPLv
AMQ
API
APIs
AppStream
BaseOS
CaaS
CentOS
CheckTree
CloudForms
CodeReady
ConnectX
Convert2RHEL
CoreOS
CPUs
DDoS
DevOps
DNSSec
Etcd
eXpress
eXtenSion
FaaS
FCoE
FDs
FreeRADIUS
GbE
GiB
GitOps
GlusterFS
GnuTLS
GTID
GTIDs
HashBase
HdrHistogram
Helm
HyperShift
IaaS
IBoE
IconBurst
Identity
IdM
IDs
IKEv
InfiniBand
Infrastructure
InnoDB
IPoIB
IPsec
IPv
ISVs
JavaScript
JBoss
KiB
LangTags
LGPLv
libOSMesa
LibreOffice
libXNVCtrl
LightPulse
LinuxONE
LiquidIO
Log4Shell
ManageIQ
MariaDB
MegaRAID
MiB
MoreUtils
MySQL
NetBIOS
NetWeaver
NetworkManager
NetXen
NetXtreme
NFSv
Node.js
NVidia
NVMe
OAuth
OneConnect
OpenEXR
OpenIPMI
OpenJDK
OpenSCAP
OpenShift
OpenSSH
OpenSSL
OpenStack
OSBuild
OSs
PaaS
PackageKit
PathTools
PCIe
PDFs
PipeWire
PostgreSQL
PowerShell
PulseAudio
PyPA
PyPI
QLogic
ReaR
relaxngDatatype
RHEL
RoCE
RPMs
SaaS
SeaBIOS
SELinux
SLAs
SQLite
STMicroelectronics
Subscription
SuperLU
TiB
TuneD
USBGuard
UUIDs
vCPUs
vDisk
vHost
VMs
vSphere
WireGuard
Words at the start of a sentence should not trigger the rule.
xPaaS
XString
XWayland
YouTube
ZCentral

[source,terminal]
----
PersistentVolumeClaim should not be triggered in a code block
----
