.vale/fixtures/RedHat/PascalCamelCase/testinvalid.adoc, before:

APIServer
APIService
BareMetalHost
BrokerTemplateInstance
BuildConfig
CatalogSource
CertificateSigningRequest
CloudCredential
ClusterAutoscaler
ClusterCSIDriver
ClusterNetwork
ClusterOperator
ClusterResourceQuota
ClusterRole
ClusterRoleBinding
ClusterServiceVersion
ClusterTask
ClusterVersion
ComponentStatus
ConfigMap
ConsoleCLIDownload
ConsoleExternalLogLink
ConsoleLink
ConsoleNotification
ConsoleYAMLSample
ContainerRuntimeConfig
ControllerConfig
ControllerRevision
CredentialsRequest
CronJob
CSIDriver
CSINode
CSISnapshotController
CustomResourceDefinition
DaemonSet
DeploymentConfig
DNSRecord
EgressNetworkPolicy
EndpointSlice
FeatureGate
FlowSchema
HelmChartRepository
HorizontalPodAutoscaler
HostSubnet
ImageContentSourcePolicy
ImagePruner
ImageSignature
ImageStream
ImageStreamImage
ImageStreamImport
ImageStreamMapping
ImageStreamTag
ImageTag
IngressClass
IngressController
innerStopPod
InstallPlan
IPPool
KubeAPIServer
KubeControllerManager
KubeletConfig
KubeScheduler
KubeStorageVersionMigrator
LimitRange
LocalResourceAccessReview
LocalSubjectAccessReview
MachineAutoscaler
MachineConfig
MachineConfigPool
MachineHealthCheck
MachineSet
MutatingWebhookConfiguration
NetNamespace
NetworkAttachmentDefinition
NetworkPolicy
newCustomerId
OAuthAccessToken
OAuthAuthorizeToken
OAuthClient
OAuthClientAuthorization
OpenShiftAPIServer
OpenShiftControllerManager
OperatorGroup
OperatorHub
OperatorPKI
PackageManifest
PersistentVolume is an API object.
PodDisruptionBudget
PodMonitor
PodSecurityPolicyReview
PodSecurityPolicySelfSubjectReview
PodSecurityPolicySubjectReview
PodTemplate
PriorityClass
PriorityLevelConfiguration
ProjectRequest
PrometheusRule
RangeAllocation
ReillyAidan
ReplicaSet
ReplicationController
ResourceAccessReview
ResourceQuota
RoleBinding
RoleBindingRestriction
RuntimeClass
SecurityContextConstraints
SelfSubjectAccessReview
SelfSubjectRulesReview
ServiceAccount
ServiceCA
ServiceMonitor
StatefulSet
StorageClass
StorageState
StorageVersionMigration
SubjectAccessReview
SubjectRulesReview
TemplateInstance
ThanosRuler
TokenReview
UserIdentityMapping
UserThing
ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
VolumeAttachment
VolumeSnapshot
VolumeSnapshotClass
VolumeSnapshotContent
xmlHttpRequest is a camel case term.
youTubeImporter
youtubeImporter

Commit message:

turn off PascalCamel case rule in headings

.vale/fixtures/RedHat/PascalCamelCase/testinvalid.adoc, after:

APIService
BareMetalHost
BrokerTemplateInstance
BuildConfig
CatalogSource
CertificateSigningRequest
CloudCredential
ClusterAutoscaler
ClusterCSIDriver
ClusterNetwork
ClusterOperator
ClusterResourceQuota
ClusterRole
ClusterRoleBinding
ClusterServiceVersion
ClusterTask
ClusterVersion
ComponentStatus
ConfigMap
ConsoleCLIDownload
ConsoleExternalLogLink
ConsoleLink
ConsoleNotification
ConsoleYAMLSample
ContainerRuntimeConfig
ControllerConfig
ControllerRevision
CredentialsRequest
CronJob
CSIDriver
CSINode
CSISnapshotController
CustomResourceDefinition
DaemonSet
DeploymentConfig
DNSRecord
EgressNetworkPolicy
EndpointSlice
FeatureGate
FlowSchema
HelmChartRepository
HorizontalPodAutoscaler
HostSubnet
ImageContentSourcePolicy
ImagePruner
ImageSignature
ImageStream
ImageStreamImage
ImageStreamImport
ImageStreamMapping
ImageStreamTag
ImageTag
IngressClass
IngressController
innerStopPod
InstallPlan
IPPool
KubeAPIServer
KubeControllerManager
KubeletConfig
KubeScheduler
KubeStorageVersionMigrator
LimitRange
LocalResourceAccessReview
LocalSubjectAccessReview
MachineAutoscaler
MachineConfig
MachineConfigPool
MachineHealthCheck
MachineSet
MutatingWebhookConfiguration
NetNamespace
NetworkAttachmentDefinition
NetworkPolicy
newCustomerId
OAuthAccessToken
OAuthAuthorizeToken
OAuthClient
OAuthClientAuthorization
OpenShiftAPIServer
OpenShiftControllerManager
OperatorGroup
OperatorHub
OperatorPKI
PackageManifest
PersistentVolume is an API object.
PodDisruptionBudget
PodMonitor
PodSecurityPolicyReview
PodSecurityPolicySelfSubjectReview
PodSecurityPolicySubjectReview
PodTemplate
PriorityClass
PriorityLevelConfiguration
ProjectRequest
PrometheusRule
RangeAllocation
ReillyAidan
ReplicaSet
ReplicationController
ResourceAccessReview
ResourceQuota
RoleBinding
RoleBindingRestriction
RuntimeClass
SecurityContextConstraints
SelfSubjectAccessReview
SelfSubjectRulesReview
ServiceAccount
ServiceCA
ServiceMonitor
StatefulSet
StorageClass
StorageState
StorageVersionMigration
SubjectAccessReview
SubjectRulesReview
TemplateInstance
ThanosRuler
TokenReview
UserIdentityMapping
UserThing
ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
VolumeAttachment
VolumeSnapshot
VolumeSnapshotClass
VolumeSnapshotContent
xmlHttpRequest is a camel case term.
. youTubeImporter is a camel case term in a list.
