<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<topic id="invalid-test-topic">
  <title>Installing The Product On Your System.</title>
  <!-- HeadingPunctuation: trailing period -->
  <!-- Headings: title-case "The", "On", "Your" -->
  <shortdesc>This section describes how to install the product.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <!-- Contractions -->
    <p>You can't install the product without meeting prerequisites.
       It won't work if requirements aren't met.</p>

    <!-- TermsErrors: wrong terms -->
    <p>Login to the web console and check the datacenter settings.
       Make sure to setup the enviroment variables.</p>

    <!-- EmDash -->
    <p>The installation process &#x2014; which takes several minutes &#x2014; requires
       network access.</p>

    <!-- RepeatedWords -->
    <p>The the installer will download all necessary components.</p>

    <!-- SentenceLength: more than 32 words -->
    <p>The installation process for this particular product requires that
       you first verify that all of the necessary prerequisites have been
       properly configured and that the system meets all of the minimum
       requirements that are specified in the official documentation before
       you attempt to begin the installation process itself.</p>

    <!-- SmartQuotes -->
    <p>Click &#x201C;Install&#x201D; to begin the process.</p>

    <!-- Abbreviations: periods in abbreviation -->
    <p>The U.S.A. data center is located on the east coast.</p>

    <!-- Spacing: double space -->
    <p>Install the product.  Then configure it.</p>

    <!-- SelfReferentialText -->
    <p>In this section we describe the process.</p>

    <!-- PassiveVoice -->
    <p>The software was installed by the administrator.</p>

    <!-- ConsciousLanguage -->
    <p>Add the server to the blacklist configuration.</p>

    <!-- Ellipses -->
    <p>Wait for the process to complete...</p>

    <!-- ProductCentricWriting -->
    <p>The product allows you to manage containers efficiently.</p>

    <!-- Symbols: ampersand outside of code -->
    <p>Configure the input &amp; output settings.</p>

    <!-- Hyphens -->
    <p>Install the addon component for the meta-data service.</p>

    <!-- SimpleWords -->
    <p>You should endeavor to utilize the application accordingly.</p>

    <!-- DoNotUseTerms -->
    <p>Congratulations on completing the installation.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
