.vale/fixtures/RedHat/PassiveVoice/testvalid.adoc, before:

It decided
It awoken
It beat
It become
It been
It begun
It bent
It beset
It bet
It bid
It bidden
It bitten
It bled
It blown
It born
It bought
It bound
It bred
It broadcast
It broken
It brought
It built
It burnt
It burst
It cast
It caught
It chosen
It clung
It come
It cost
It crept
It cut
It dealt
It dived
It done
It drawn
It dreamt
It driven
It drunk
It dug
It eaten
It fallen
It fed
It felt
It fit
It fled
It flown
It flung
It forbidden
It foregone
It forgiven
It forgotten
It forsaken
It fought
It found
It frozen
It given
It gone
It gotten
It ground
It grown
It heard
It held
It hidden
It hit
It hung
It hurt
It kept
It knelt
It knit
It known
It laid
It lain
It leapt
It learnt
It led
It left
It lent
It let
It lighted
It lost
It made
It meant
It met
It misspelt
It mistaken
It mown
It overcome
It overdone
It overtaken
It overthrown
It paid
It pled
It proven
It put
It quit
It read
It rid
It ridden
It risen
It run
It rung
It said
It sat
It sawn
It seen
It sent
It set
It sewn
It shaken
It shaven
It shed
It shod
It shone
It shorn
It shot
It shown
It shrunk
It shut
It slain
It slept
It slid
It slit
It slung
It smitten
It sold
It sought
It sown
It sped
It spent
It spilt
It spit
It split
It spoken
It spread
It sprung
It spun
It stolen
It stood
It stridden
It striven
It struck
It strung
It stuck
It stung
It stunk
It sung
It sunk
It swept
It swollen
It sworn
It swum
It swung
It taken
It taught
It thought
It thrived
It thrown
It thrust
It told
It torn
It trodden
It understood
It upheld
It upset
It wed
It wept
It withheld
It withstood
It woken
It won
It worn
It wound
It woven
It written
It wrung

Commit message:

Add deprecated as an exception to Passive voice rule

.vale/fixtures/RedHat/PassiveVoice/testvalid.adoc, after:

It awoken
It beat
It become
It been
It begun
It bent
It beset
It bet
It bid
It bidden
It bitten
It bled
It blown
It born
It bought
It bound
It bred
It broadcast
It broken
It brought
It built
It burnt
It burst
It cast
It caught
It chosen
It clung
It come
It cost
It crept
It cut
It dealt
It decided
It dived
It done
It drawn
It dreamt
It driven
It drunk
It dug
It eaten
It fallen
It fed
It felt
It fit
It fled
It flown
It flung
It forbidden
It foregone
It forgiven
It forgotten
It forsaken
It fought
It found
It frozen
It given
It gone
It gotten
It ground
It grown
It heard
It held
It hidden
It hit
It hung
It hurt
It is deprecated
It is imported
It is supported
It is tested
It is trusted
It kept
It knelt
It knit
It known
It laid
It lain
It leapt
It learnt
It led
It left
It lent
It let
It lighted
It lost
It made
It meant
It met
It misspelt
It mistaken
It mown
It overcome
It overdone
It overtaken
It overthrown
It paid
It pled
It proven
It put
It quit
It read
It rid
It ridden
It risen
It run
It rung
It said
It sat
It sawn
It seen
It sent
It set
It sewn
It shaken
It shaven
It shed
It shod
It shone
It shorn
It shot
It shown
It shrunk
It shut
It slain
It slept
It slid
It slit
It slung
It smitten
It sold
It sought
It sown
It sped
It spent
It spilt
It spit
It split
It spoken
It spread
It sprung
It spun
It stolen
It stood
It stridden
It striven
It struck
It strung
It stuck
It stung
It stunk
It sung
It sunk
It swept
It swollen
It sworn
It swum
It swung
It taken
It taught
It thought
It thrived
It thrown
It thrust
It told
It torn
It trodden
It understood
It upheld
It upset
It wed
It wept
It withheld
It withstood
It woken
It won
It worn
It wound
It woven
It written
It wrung
