.vale/fixtures/RedHat/TermsErrors/testvalid.adoc, before:

a or b
a, b, or both
access method
according to
add a prefix to
administer
air gap
alternatively
AMD64
and so on
app
archive
as
as expected
as in
as needed
Assisted Installer
attention notice
auto-detect
auxiliary storage
bimonthly
biweekly
boot disk
boot loader
bottleneck
breadcrumb trail
broadcast
BTS
bug fix
built-in
cancel
CD writer
cell phone
cell phone
challenge
change
CICS BTS
ciphertext
clear
cloudbursting
cloudwashing
colocate
comma-delimited
comma-separated values
command language
command-driven
Common Base Event
compared to
compatible with earlier versions
compatible with later versions
complete
component architecture
component model
component-based development
compress
compressed file
concept
concern
connect to
consist of
container-based
containerized
context-sensitive help
conversely
correct
create
create retrieve update and delete
cross-platform
cross-site scripting
daemon
daisy chain
data
data center
data mirroring
data path
deactivate
debug
decompress
delete from the database
demo
demonstration
demount
deselect
desktop
despite
develop components
different from
difficulty
discontinue
disk label
diskette
diskette drive
DMZ
domain name
double right-click
download
downstream
drag
dual-boot
dynamically
earlier
emit
enable for the web
end
ensure
enter
environment
evaluate
examine
extract
fail
fall back
fallback
firmware
fix
flash
floating point
for example
foreground
graphical interface
graphical user interface
grayscale
hard code
hard disk
hard disk drive
hard-coded
hardware restart
health check
help
help desk
host group
hot add
hot plug
hot swap
hotline
however
huge page
hyperconverged
IBM
IBM S 390
if
immediately
in case
in languages other than English
in real time
include
included
includes
information about
insecure
installation program
installer-provisioned infrastructure
interface
interim fix
Internet email address
IP address
issue
IT
kernel oops
kernel-space
knowledge base
left
left mouse button
lock up
lower left
lower right
lower-left
lower-right
make the transition
make the transition
man page
many
matrixes
menu
menu-driven
merge
method
migrate
mobile phone
mobile phone
Mouse
mouse button
move
move the mouse pointer over
Mozilla Firefox
Mozilla Thunderbird
ms
much
multiprocessing
multitenant
navigate
need
network computing
no longer support
non-English-language
nonpartitioned database environment
not at the latest level
not case-sensitive
notebook
now
offline backup
offsite
OK
omit
onsite
opcode
open
open source
override
parent process
PC
performance counter
plain text
plugin
point to
pop-up menu
power cable
power cord
preconfigured
predefined
preinstall
preinstalled
preplanned
press
press Ctrl and click
press Shift and click
previous
proofs of concept
provided that
pseudo-ops
pulldown
rather than
recur
regardless of
remember
remote access
remote access server
remove
required
retry
right
roll back
rollback
root directory
roundtable
rule
runlevel
screen saver
scrollbar
server farm
session management exit routine
several
share name
shared components
shell prompt
shell script
single quotation mark
SOAP
software to block pop-up ad windows
sort
sound card
spec file
specific
specify
spelled
standalone
start
stop
stop error
stop responding
straightforward
subcommand
subdirectory
submenu
subpackage
superuser
swap space
system board
tar file
telephone
test
text mode
text-based
that is
therefore
thin-provisioned
this clause that is restrictive
this clause, which is nonrestrictive
tier-1
time frame
to
toggle
tooling
tools
touch-sensitive screen
try again
turn off
turn on
type
typing error
typographical error
unconfigure
uninstall
uninstallation
unmount
unrecoverable
unrecoverable error
unregister
upgrade
upper left
upper right
upper-left
upper-right
uppercase
upsell
upselling
upstream
uptime
URL
USB flash drive
use
user
user-provisioned infrastructure
verify
version
video mode
virtual
want
web address
web seminar
web-based event
webcast
webinar
when
withdraw
withdraw from marketing
withdraw from service
zero
zip

Commit message:

Add guidance for documenting Developer Preview features? Fixes #421

.vale/fixtures/RedHat/TermsErrors/testvalid.adoc, after:

a or b
a, b, or both
access method
according to
add a prefix to
administer
air gap
alternatively
AMD64
and so on
app
archive
as
as expected
as in
as needed
Assisted Installer
attention notice
auto-detect
auxiliary storage
bimonthly
biweekly
boot disk
boot loader
bottleneck
breadcrumb trail
broadcast
BTS
bug fix
built-in
cancel
CD writer
cell phone
cell phone
challenge
change
CICS BTS
ciphertext
clear
cloudbursting
cloudwashing
colocate
comma-delimited
comma-separated values
command language
command-driven
Common Base Event
compared to
compatible with earlier versions
compatible with later versions
complete
component architecture
component model
component-based development
compress
compressed file
concept
concern
connect to
consist of
container-based
containerized
context-sensitive help
conversely
correct
create
create retrieve update and delete
cross-platform
cross-site scripting
daemon
daisy chain
data
data center
data mirroring
data path
deactivate
debug
decompress
delete from the database
demo
demonstration
demount
deselect
desktop
despite
develop components
different from
difficulty
discontinue
disk label
diskette
diskette drive
DMZ
domain name
double right-click
download
downstream
drag
dual-boot
dynamically
earlier
emit
enable for the web
end
ensure
enter
environment
evaluate
examine
extract
fail
fall back
fallback
firmware
fix
flash
floating point
for example
foreground
graphical interface
graphical user interface
grayscale
hard code
hard disk
hard disk drive
hard-coded
hardware restart
health check
help
help desk
host group
hot add
hot plug
hot swap
hotline
however
huge page
hyperconverged
IBM
IBM S 390
if
immediately
in case
in languages other than English
in real time
include
included
includes
information about
insecure
installation program
installer-provisioned infrastructure
interface
interim fix
Internet email address
IP address
is a Developer Preview
is a Technology Preview
issue
IT
kernel oops
kernel-space
knowledge base
left
left mouse button
lock up
lower left
lower right
lower-left
lower-right
make the transition
make the transition
man page
many
matrixes
menu
menu-driven
merge
method
migrate
mobile phone
mobile phone
Mouse
mouse button
move
move the mouse pointer over
Mozilla Firefox
Mozilla Thunderbird
ms
much
multiprocessing
multitenant
navigate
need
network computing
no longer support
non-English-language
nonpartitioned database environment
not at the latest level
not case-sensitive
notebook
now
offline backup
offsite
OK
omit
onsite
opcode
open
open source
override
parent process
PC
performance counter
plain text
plugin
point to
pop-up menu
power cable
power cord
preconfigured
predefined
preinstall
preinstalled
preplanned
press
press Ctrl and click
press Shift and click
previous
proofs of concept
provided that
pseudo-ops
pulldown
rather than
recur
regardless of
remember
remote access
remote access server
remove
required
retry
right
roll back
rollback
root directory
roundtable
rule
runlevel
screen saver
scrollbar
server farm
session management exit routine
several
share name
shared components
shell prompt
shell script
single quotation mark
SOAP
software to block pop-up ad windows
sort
sound card
spec file
specific
specify
spelled
standalone
start
stop
stop error
stop responding
straightforward
subcommand
subdirectory
submenu
subpackage
superuser
swap space
system board
tar file
telephone
test
Technology Preview
text mode
text-based
that is
therefore
thin-provisioned
this clause that is restrictive
this clause, which is nonrestrictive
tier-1
time frame
to
toggle
tooling
tools
touch-sensitive screen
try again
turn off
turn on
type
typing error
typographical error
unconfigure
uninstall
uninstallation
unmount
unrecoverable
unrecoverable error
unregister
upgrade
upper left
upper right
upper-left
upper-right
uppercase
upsell
upselling
upstream
uptime
URL
USB flash drive
use
user
user-provisioned infrastructure
verify
version
video mode
virtual
want
web address
web seminar
web-based event
webcast
webinar
when
withdraw
withdraw from marketing
withdraw from service
zero
zip
