.vale/fixtures/RedHat/TermsErrors/testinvalid.adoc, before:

64-bit x86
a lot
a lot of
a number of
a phone
a S 390
a transition
abort
administrate
advisor
AI
air wall
all caps
all right
alright
analyse
and/or
as long as
as per
autodetect
back-level
backward-compatible
basic auth
bi-monthly
bi-weekly
Big Blue
blink
blue screen of death
boot diskette
bootloader
bottle neck
bottle-neck
bottom-left
bottom-right
bottomleft
bottomright
breadcrumbing
broad cast
broad-cast
bugfix
built in
builtin
bunches of
burner
canned
case insensitive
catastrophic error
CBE
CBTS
CD burner
centre
chip specific
cipher text
cipher-text
clear text
cleartext
cloud-bursting
cloud-washing
co-locate
cold backup
cold boot
cold start
collocate
colour
comes with
comma delimited
comma delimited values
comma separated values
comma-delimited values
commadelimited
command driven
command prompt
command-language
commanddriven
componentization
componentize
comprised of
computer farm
computer ranch
connect with
container based
containerised
context menu
contextual help
control-click
cross platform
cross site scripting
crossplatform
Ctrl-click
cypher text
cypher-text
cyphertext
daisy-chain
daisychain
data centre
data-center
data-mirroring
datacenter
datacentre
datamirroring
datapath
datum
de-bug
debuggable
deconfigure
deinstall
deinstallation
demilitarized zone
demon
depress
deregister
desire
desk top
desk-top
destroy
different than
different to
disk-label
disklabel
dismount
domain-name
domainname
down load
down stream
down-level
down-load
down-stream
downgrade
downward compatible
drag and drop
drill up
dual boot
dualboot
e-fix
e.g.
eFix
eg
emphasise
end user
end-user interface
env
etc.
EUI
fill in
finalise
Firefox
firm ware
firm-ware
fixed disk drive
flavor
floating-point
floppy
floppy disk
floppy drive
focussed
fore-ground
forground
forward compatible
gray scale
gray-scale
gzip
gzipped
Hammer
hard drive
hard file
hardcode
hardcoded
health-check
healthcheck
help-desk
helpdesk
hence
hostgroup
hot-add
hot-line
hot-plug
hot-swap
hotadd
hotplug
hotswap
hyper-converged
i-fix
i-Fix
i.e.
IBM's
ie
ifix
iFix
in order to
in other words
in spite of
in the event
inactivate
information on
information technology
insure
Internet address
IPI
irrecoverable
keep in mind
kernelspace
labour
laptop
large page
launch
learnt
leave out
left-hand
leverage
line cord
Linux specific
look at
lots of
main directory
make sure
manpage
mash up
mashup
matrices
memory stick
menu driven
menudriven
microcomputer
motherboard
mouse over
mouse-button
mousebutton
multi-processing
multi-tenant
network-centric computing
non-English
non-secure
nonrecoverable
nonsecure
notion
offline storage
OK button
okay
on ramp
on the fly
on the other hand
on-ramp
oops
op-code
open-source
opensource
OpenSource
organise
organised
organising
over ride
over-ride
pain point
parent task
perfcounter
perimeter network
phone
plain-text
plaintext
plug in
plug ins
pop-up blocker
pop-up killer
power down
power off
power on
preload
preloaded
prepend
proof of concepts
pseudo ops
pseudoops
pull-down
re-occur
recognise
remote-access
remote-access server
reoccur
right double-click
right now
right-hand
round table
rule of thumb
run level
run-level
S 390
sanity check
sanity test
screensaver
scroll bar
scroll-bar
secondary storage
selection button
send out
serial database
sharename
Sharename
shift-click
ship
Simple Object Access Protocol
single quote
single quote mark
SME routine
sort-merge
sort/merge
sound-card
soundcard
specfile
spelt
stand-alone
start up
straight forward
straight-forward
sub-command
sub-directory
sub-menu
sub-package
sunset
super page
super user
super-user
swapspace
switch off
switch on
tarball
terminate
text based
text-mode
textmode
the installer
the transition
thin provisioned
thinly provisioned
thinly-provisioned
thumbstick
Thunderbird
thus
tier 1
tier-one
time-frame
timeframe
toggle off
top-left
top-right
topleft
topright
touchscreen
transition
typo
uncheck
uncompress
undeploy
unselect
untar
unzip
up grade
up selling
up stream
up time
up-grade
up-sell
up-selling
up-stream
up-time
UPI
upward compatible
utilize
versus
video-mode
videomode
vs.
warning notice
web-enable
wish
would like
x64
x86_64
x86-64
zero out

Commit message:

Add guidance for documenting Developer Preview features? Fixes #421

.vale/fixtures/RedHat/TermsErrors/testinvalid.adoc, after:

64-bit x86
a lot
a lot of
a number of
a phone
a S 390
a transition
abort
administrate
advisor
AI
air wall
all caps
all right
alright
analyse
and/or
as long as
as per
autodetect
back-level
backward-compatible
basic auth
bi-monthly
bi-weekly
Big Blue
blink
blue screen of death
boot diskette
bootloader
bottle neck
bottle-neck
bottom-left
bottom-right
bottomleft
bottomright
breadcrumbing
broad cast
broad-cast
bugfix
built in
builtin
bunches of
burner
canned
case insensitive
catastrophic error
CBE
CBTS
CD burner
centre
chip specific
cipher text
cipher-text
clear text
cleartext
cloud-bursting
cloud-washing
co-locate
cold backup
cold boot
cold start
collocate
colour
comes with
comma delimited
comma delimited values
comma separated values
comma-delimited values
commadelimited
command driven
command prompt
command-language
commanddriven
componentization
componentize
comprised of
computer farm
computer ranch
connect with
container based
containerised
context menu
contextual help
control-click
cross platform
cross site scripting
crossplatform
Ctrl-click
cypher text
cypher-text
cyphertext
daisy-chain
daisychain
data centre
data-center
data-mirroring
datacenter
datacentre
datamirroring
datapath
datum
de-bug
debuggable
deconfigure
deinstall
deinstallation
demilitarized zone
demon
depress
deregister
desire
desk top
desk-top
destroy
different than
different to
disk-label
disklabel
dismount
domain-name
domainname
down load
down stream
down-level
down-load
down-stream
downgrade
downward compatible
drag and drop
drill up
dual boot
dualboot
e-fix
e.g.
eFix
eg
emphasise
end user
end-user interface
env
etc.
EUI
fill in
finalise
Firefox
firm ware
firm-ware
fixed disk drive
flavor
floating-point
floppy
floppy disk
floppy drive
focussed
fore-ground
forground
forward compatible
gray scale
gray-scale
gzip
gzipped
Hammer
hard drive
hard file
hardcode
hardcoded
health-check
healthcheck
help-desk
helpdesk
hence
hostgroup
hot-add
hot-line
hot-plug
hot-swap
hotadd
hotplug
hotswap
hyper-converged
i-fix
i-Fix
i.e.
IBM's
ie
ifix
iFix
in order to
in other words
in spite of
in the event
inactivate
information on
information technology
insure
Internet address
IPI
irrecoverable
is supported as a Developer Preview
is supported as a Technology Preview
keep in mind
kernelspace
labour
laptop
large page
launch
learnt
leave out
left-hand
leverage
line cord
Linux specific
look at
lots of
main directory
make sure
manpage
mash up
mashup
matrices
memory stick
menu driven
menudriven
microcomputer
motherboard
mouse over
mouse-button
mousebutton
multi-processing
multi-tenant
network-centric computing
non-English
non-secure
nonrecoverable
nonsecure
notion
offline storage
OK button
okay
on ramp
on the fly
on the other hand
on-ramp
oops
op-code
open-source
opensource
OpenSource
organise
organised
organising
over ride
over-ride
pain point
parent task
perfcounter
perimeter network
phone
plain-text
plaintext
plug in
plug ins
pop-up blocker
pop-up killer
power down
power off
power on
preload
preloaded
prepend
proof of concepts
pseudo ops
pseudoops
pull-down
re-occur
recognise
remote-access
remote-access server
reoccur
right double-click
right now
right-hand
round table
rule of thumb
run level
run-level
S 390
sanity check
sanity test
screensaver
scroll bar
scroll-bar
secondary storage
selection button
send out
serial database
sharename
Sharename
shift-click
ship
Simple Object Access Protocol
single quote
single quote mark
SME routine
sort-merge
sort/merge
sound-card
soundcard
specfile
spelt
stand-alone
start up
straight forward
straight-forward
sub-command
sub-directory
sub-menu
sub-package
sunset
super page
super user
super-user
swapspace
switch off
switch on
tarball
terminate
tech preview
text based
text-mode
textmode
the installer
the transition
thin provisioned
thinly provisioned
thinly-provisioned
thumbstick
Thunderbird
thus
tier 1
tier-one
time-frame
timeframe
toggle off
top-left
top-right
topleft
topright
touchscreen
transition
typo
uncheck
uncompress
undeploy
unselect
untar
unzip
up grade
up selling
up stream
up time
up-grade
up-sell
up-selling
up-stream
up-time
UPI
upward compatible
utilize
versus
video-mode
videomode
vs.
warning notice
web-enable
wish
would like
x64
x86_64
x86-64
zero out
