modules/user-guide/pages/installing-vale-cli.adoc, before:

// Metadata for Antora
:navtitle: Installing Vale CLI
:keywords: vale
:page-aliases: end-user-guide:using-vale-cli.adoc
:description: Describes how to install and configure the Vale CLI
// End of metadata for Antora

:context: assembly_getting-started-with-vale
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc_using-vale-cli-on-a-local-environment_{context}"]
= Installing and configuring Vale

To use `vale` CLI on any project in your local environment without further configuration in the projects, install the `vale` CLI and register the *{repository-name}* Vale configuration as the default.

.Prerequisites

* The `git` tool is installed.

.Procedure

. Install the Vale command-line tool on your workstation. See link:https://docs.errata.ai/vale/install[Installing Vale].
+
NOTE: On the Vale site, click the tab for your operating system.

. Get a copy of the link:{repository-url}[{repository-name} repository] to your local environment.
+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ git clone {repository-clone-url}
----

. Register the *{repository-name}* vale configuration as the default.
+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ cd {repository-name}
$ ln -s "$PWD/.vale.ini" "$HOME/"
$ ln -s "$PWD/.vale" "$HOME/"
----

.Verification

. Run the `vale` command on one of your content files.
+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ cd __<project_directory>__
$ vale __<filename>__
----

. Review the vale output and use it to update your content file.

. Re-run the same `vale` command to see the updated results.

.Additional resources

* xref:understanding-vale-output.adoc[]
* xref:defining-a-vale-onboarding-strategy.adoc[]

Commit message:

init commit for vale install from release zip

modules/user-guide/pages/installing-vale-cli.adoc, after:

// Metadata for Antora
:navtitle: Installing Vale by cloning the *{repository-name}* repo
:keywords: vale
:page-aliases: end-user-guide:using-vale-cli.adoc
:description: Describes how to install and configure the Vale CLI
// End of metadata for Antora

:context: assembly_getting-started-with-vale
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc_using-vale-cli-on-a-local-environment_{context}"]
= Installing and configuring Vale by cloning the *{repository-name}* repo

To use `vale` CLI on any project in your local environment, install the `vale` CLI and register the *{repository-name}* Vale configuration as the default.

NOTE: Alternatively, if you do not intend to contribute to the *{repository-name}* project, you can configure the `RedHat` Vale style by downloading the latest release from GitHub. See xref:installing-vale-from-zip.adoc[]

.Prerequisites

* The `git` tool is installed.

.Procedure

. Install the Vale command-line tool on your workstation. See link:https://docs.errata.ai/vale/install[Installing Vale].
+
NOTE: On the Vale site, click the tab for your operating system.

. Clone the link:{repository-url}[{repository-name} repository] in your local environment.
+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ git clone {repository-clone-url}
----

. Register the *{repository-name}* vale configuration as the default.
+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ cd {repository-name}
$ ln -s "$PWD/.vale.ini" "$HOME/"
$ ln -s "$PWD/.vale" "$HOME/"
----

.Verification

. Run the `vale` command on one of your content files.
+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ cd __<project_directory>__
$ vale __<filename>__
----

. Review the vale output and use it to update your content file.

. Re-run the same `vale` command to see the updated results.

.Additional resources

* xref:understanding-vale-output.adoc[]
* xref:defining-a-vale-onboarding-strategy.adoc[]
