.vale/fixtures/RedHat/CaseSensitiveTerms/testvalid.adoc, before:

.NET
// suppress inspection "IncorrectFormatting" for whole file
/var
ACK flag
Administration Portal
Amazon Web Services
AMQ
AMQ Broker
AMQ Clients
AMQ Console
AMQ Interconnect
Ansible Playbook
Apache Subversion
Appliance console
Application Stream
Applixware
AppStream repository
AsciiDoc
Asciidoctor
AssertJ
autolink
Azure Red Hat OpenShift
Basic authentication
Basic HTTP authentication
BIND
bind
BIOS
blueprint
BlueStore
Btrfs
built-in messaging
Business Central
Business Resource Planner
CapEx
capsule
Capsule Server
CD #1
CDs
Central
Ceph Block Device
Ceph File System
Ceph Monitor
Ceph Object Gateway
ceph-ansible
CephFS
cgroup
CIDR
Command Prompt
Composite Content View
ConfigMap
Content View
CRUSH map
CSV
Ctrl
Customer Portal
Cygmon
Data Grid
Data Grid Console
Data Warehouse
Day 0
Day 1
Day 2
Dedicated
denial of service
denial-of-service
Developer Preview
DevOps
Directory Manager
Directory Server
Disk Druid
DM Multipath
DM-Multipath
DNF Automatic
DNS
DVD writer
Editor
etcd
Exec-Shield
Exif
extranet
Facter
FAQ
fault tolerance
fault-tolerant
Fedora™ Project
File extension example.yaml must pass.
FileStore
firewalld
FireWire
Fortran
FQDN
Fuse Online
Fuse Online|Red Hat Fuse Online|Syndesis
FUSE_HOME
GB
Gbps
GID
GIMP
Git
GNOME
GNOME Classic
GNU
GPL
GraalVM
greenboot
gRPC
GRUB
GTK+
GUI
guided editor
Hibernate ORM
Hot Rod
HP ProLiant
Hyper-Threading
hypervisor
IBM eServer System p
IBM S/390
IBM Z
IdM CA renewal server
IdM server and replicas
Ignition config
image builder
inference engine
InfiniBand
Insight
Insights image builder
Intel Virtualization Technology
Intel(R) EP80579 Integrated Processor
Intelligent Process Server
IOPS
IP
IPsec
IPv4
IPv6
ISeries
ISO
ISO image
Istio service mesh
Itanium
Itanium 2
JAR file
Javadoc
JBang
JBoss Community
JBoss EAP
JBoss EAP built-in messaging
JBoss EAP messaging
JetBrains
JUnit
JVM
kernel
kernel space
Kernel-based Virtual Machine
Kernel Module Management
keystore
Kickstart
KIE
KIE API
KIE base
KIE session
KJAR
Knowledgebase
kubelet
Kubelet Stats Receiver
Kubernetes
KVM
LAN
LDAPS
librados
librbd
Linux
Liquibase
LUN
management CLI
management console
Manager virtual machine
Mandrel
master-slave group
MicroProfile
Microsoft
Microsoft Azure Cross-Platform Command-Line Interface
Microsoft Azure On-Demand Marketplace
Microsoft Azure portal
Mockito
MOM
MongoDB
ms
MS-DOS
mTLS
mutual TLS
MySQL
network interface controller (NIC)
Node.js
O-RAN
object class
objectClass
Objective C
OK
OKD
OpenID Connect
OpenRewrite
OpenTelemetry
operating environment
operating system
Operator Lifecycle Manager
OperatorHub
OpEx
Organization Administrator
OSD
OTel
overcloud
Podman
pop-up
POSIX
PostScript
PowerPC
PowerShell
PPP
PROM
Proof Key for Code Exchange
proof of concept
Properties View
Puppet
Puppet Forge
Q and A
QCOW2
qdmanage
qdstat
qeth
RAM
RAM disk
raw
Realtime Decision Server
Red Hat AMQ
Red Hat build of OpenJDK
Red Hat CloudForms
Red Hat CloudForms Appliance
Red Hat CloudForms|Red Hat CloudForms Appliance
Red Hat Customer Portal
Red Hat Data Grid
Red Hat Directory Server
Red Hat Enterprise Linux host
Red Hat Fuse Online
Red Hat JBoss BPM Suite
Red Hat JBoss BRMS
Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform
Red Hat Network Proxy Server
Red Hat Network Satellite Server
Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager
Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform
Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation
Red Hat OpenShift Dedicated
Red Hat OpenShift Online
Red Hat OpenStack Platform
Red Hat Satellite
Red Hat Satellite Capsule Server
Red Hat Satellite Server
Red Hat Virtualization
Red Hat Virtualization Host
Red Hat Virtualization Manager
RedBoot
Redis
RESTEasy
role-based access control
Rolling Application Stream
Rolling Application Streams
Rolling Stream
Rolling Streams
ROM
RPM
S-record
Samba
Satellite Server
SELinux
shadow passwords
shadow utilities
Shadowman
SmartNIC
SmartState analysis
SOCKS
softirq
Software Collection
Source-Navigator^TM^
Source-to-Image (S2I)
spec
SPICE
Spring Boot
SR-IOV
SSH
SSL/TLS
standalone Manager
StarOffice
STARTTLS
startx
su
Subscription Manifest
Syndesis
systemd
SysV
T-BC
Technology Preview
Temurin
The .NET framework
TLS handshake
TTL
UID
UltraSPARC
undercloud
UNIX
URI
URL
URN
VAR
vCPU
VDSM
vi
Vim
virtual console
Visual Studio Code
VLAN
VM Portal
vNIC
vNUMA node
VPN
VT-d
WAN
WCA
Web services
web UI
WebAuthn
WebSocket
Window Maker
Windows
Windows Server
XEmacs
XP
xterm
YAML

Commit message:

Add case & usage rule for The Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console Added: - suggest case and correct usage incl. adding "The" or "the" preceding Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console or Hybrid Cloud Console - suggestions for incorrect variations - additional suggested first instance

.vale/fixtures/RedHat/CaseSensitiveTerms/testvalid.adoc, after:

.NET
// suppress inspection "IncorrectFormatting" for whole file
/var
ACK flag
Administration Portal
Amazon Web Services
AMQ
AMQ Broker
AMQ Clients
AMQ Console
AMQ Interconnect
Ansible Playbook
Apache Subversion
Appliance console
Application Stream
Applixware
AppStream repository
AsciiDoc
Asciidoctor
AssertJ
autolink
Azure Red Hat OpenShift
Basic authentication
Basic HTTP authentication
BIND
bind
BIOS
blueprint
BlueStore
Btrfs
built-in messaging
Business Central
Business Resource Planner
CapEx
capsule
Capsule Server
CD #1
CDs
Central
Ceph Block Device
Ceph File System
Ceph Monitor
Ceph Object Gateway
ceph-ansible
CephFS
cgroup
CIDR
Command Prompt
Composite Content View
ConfigMap
Content View
CRUSH map
CSV
Ctrl
Customer Portal
Cygmon
Data Grid
Data Grid Console
Data Warehouse
Day 0
Day 1
Day 2
Dedicated
denial of service
denial-of-service
Developer Preview
DevOps
Directory Manager
Directory Server
Disk Druid
DM Multipath
DM-Multipath
DNF Automatic
DNS
DVD writer
Editor
etcd
Exec-Shield
Exif
extranet
Facter
FAQ
fault tolerance
fault-tolerant
Fedora™ Project
File extension example.yaml must pass.
FileStore
firewalld
FireWire
Fortran
FQDN
Fuse Online
Fuse Online|Red Hat Fuse Online|Syndesis
FUSE_HOME
GB
Gbps
GID
GIMP
Git
GNOME
GNOME Classic
GNU
GPL
GraalVM
greenboot
gRPC
GRUB
GTK+
GUI
guided editor
Hibernate ORM
Hot Rod
HP ProLiant
Hyper-Threading
hypervisor
IBM eServer System p
IBM S/390
IBM Z
IdM CA renewal server
IdM server and replicas
Ignition config
image builder
inference engine
InfiniBand
Insight
Insights image builder
Intel Virtualization Technology
Intel(R) EP80579 Integrated Processor
Intelligent Process Server
IOPS
IP
IPsec
IPv4
IPv6
ISeries
ISO
ISO image
Istio service mesh
Itanium
Itanium 2
JAR file
Javadoc
JBang
JBoss Community
JBoss EAP
JBoss EAP built-in messaging
JBoss EAP messaging
JetBrains
JUnit
JVM
kernel
kernel space
Kernel-based Virtual Machine
Kernel Module Management
keystore
Kickstart
KIE
KIE API
KIE base
KIE session
KJAR
Knowledgebase
kubelet
Kubelet Stats Receiver
Kubernetes
KVM
LAN
LDAPS
librados
librbd
Linux
Liquibase
LUN
management CLI
management console
Manager virtual machine
Mandrel
master-slave group
MicroProfile
Microsoft
Microsoft Azure Cross-Platform Command-Line Interface
Microsoft Azure On-Demand Marketplace
Microsoft Azure portal
Mockito
MOM
MongoDB
ms
MS-DOS
mTLS
mutual TLS
MySQL
network interface controller (NIC)
Node.js
O-RAN
object class
objectClass
Objective C
OK
OKD
OpenID Connect
OpenRewrite
OpenTelemetry
operating environment
operating system
Operator Lifecycle Manager
OperatorHub
OpEx
Organization Administrator
OSD
OTel
overcloud
Podman
pop-up
POSIX
PostScript
PowerPC
PowerShell
PPP
PROM
Proof Key for Code Exchange
proof of concept
Properties View
Puppet
Puppet Forge
Q and A
QCOW2
qdmanage
qdstat
qeth
RAM
RAM disk
raw
Realtime Decision Server
Red Hat AMQ
Red Hat build of OpenJDK
Red Hat CloudForms
Red Hat CloudForms Appliance
Red Hat CloudForms|Red Hat CloudForms Appliance
Red Hat Customer Portal
Red Hat Data Grid
Red Hat Directory Server
Red Hat Enterprise Linux host
Red Hat Fuse Online
Red Hat JBoss BPM Suite
Red Hat JBoss BRMS
Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform
Red Hat Network Proxy Server
Red Hat Network Satellite Server
Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager
Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform
Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation
Red Hat OpenShift Dedicated
Red Hat OpenShift Online
Red Hat OpenStack Platform
Red Hat Satellite
Red Hat Satellite Capsule Server
Red Hat Satellite Server
Red Hat Virtualization
Red Hat Virtualization Host
Red Hat Virtualization Manager
RedBoot
Redis
RESTEasy
role-based access control
Rolling Application Stream
Rolling Application Streams
Rolling Stream
Rolling Streams
ROM
RPM
S-record
Samba
Satellite Server
SELinux
shadow passwords
shadow utilities
Shadowman
SmartNIC
SmartState analysis
SOCKS
softirq
Software Collection
Source-Navigator^TM^
Source-to-Image (S2I)
spec
SPICE
Spring Boot
SR-IOV
SSH
SSL/TLS
standalone Manager
StarOffice
STARTTLS
startx
su
Subscription Manifest
Syndesis
systemd
SysV
T-BC
Technology Preview
Temurin
The .NET framework
the Hybrid Cloud Console
The Hybrid Cloud Console
the Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console
The Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console
TLS handshake
TTL
UID
UltraSPARC
undercloud
UNIX
URI
URL
URN
VAR
vCPU
VDSM
vi
Vim
virtual console
Visual Studio Code
VLAN
VM Portal
vNIC
vNUMA node
VPN
VT-d
WAN
WCA
Web services
web UI
WebAuthn
WebSocket
Window Maker
Windows
Windows Server
XEmacs
XP
xterm
YAML
