.vale/fixtures/RedHat/CaseSensitiveTerms/testinvalid.adoc, before:

A-MQ
A-MQ Broker
A-MQ Clients
A-MQ Console
A-MQ Interconnect
ack
ACK
ack packet
ActiveMQ
ActiveMQ Artemis
Admin Portal
Administration portal
Administrator Portal
Analysis
Ansible playbook
Ansible rulebook
Appliance Console
Application stream
application stream
Applix
ApplixWare
Appstream
appstream
Asciidoc
asciidoc
AsciiDoctor
asciidoctor
assertj
Assertj
auto-link
AutoLink
AWS opt in Region
basic auth
Basic auth
Basic Auth
basic authentication
Basic Authentication
BC
Bean
Bios
blue print
Blue Store
BluePrint
bluestore
BPM
BPMS
BRM
BRMS
BRMS engine
btrfs
burner
Business Central editor
c group
capex
capEx
Capex
Capsule server
CD 1
Cds
CDS
Ceph Ansible
Ceph block device
Ceph block devices
Ceph file system
Ceph filesystem
Ceph monitor
Ceph object gateway
Ceph object gateways
ceph-osd
cephfs
CFME
CGroup
cidr
classic mode
Classless Inter-domain Routing
Classless Interdomain Routing
CloudForms Management Engine
Cluster Manager
command prompt
Compared to yaml, JSON has way more curly braces.
Composite Content view
composite content view
Composite View
composite view
configmap
configuration map
Content view
content view
control key
CP
crush map
crushmap
csv
ctrl
customer portal
cygmon
CygMon
CYGMON
Data Grid console
data warehouse
Dataware House
day-0
Day-0
day-1
Day-1
day-2
Day-2
Decision Server
Denial of Service
Denial-of-Service
Dev Ops
dev preview
Dev-Ops
Developer preview
Development Preview
devops
Devops
directory manager
directory server
disk druid
Disk druid
diskdruid
DM
DNF automatic
dnf automatic
dns
dotNet
DVD burner
DWH
EAP
engine VM
ETCD
Etcd
Exec Shield
exif
EXIF
Extranet
F.A.Q
facter
faq
Faq
fault tolerant
fault-tolerance
fedora project
File Store
filestore
Firewalld
firewallD
FirewallD
Firewire
firewire
FlatHub
FlatPak
fortran
fqdn
Fqdn
Fuse Ignite
gb
Gb
gbps
GBPS
GDBTK
gid
Gid
gimp
Gimp
GIT
gnome
Gnome
gnu
Gnu
gpl
Gpl
Graalvm
graalVM
green boots
Greenboot
GRPC
Grub
Gtk
gtk
GUI editor
hot rod
HotRod
hotrod
HP Proliant
HTTP interface
hyper-threading
hyperthreading
Hyperviser
HyperVisor
i-fix
i-Fix
ia64
IA64
IBM z Systems
ifix
iFix
Ignite
ignition config
IM
Image Builder
Image builder
Infiniband
INSTALL_DIR
installDir
Intel Tolapai
Iops
IOPs
Ip
IPSec
ipv4
IPV4
Ipv4
ipv6
IPV6
Ipv6
iSeries
iso
Istio Service Mesh
Itanium2
jar file
javadoc
jbang
Jbang
JBoss
JBoss AMQ
JBoss BPMS
JBoss BRMS
JBoss Broker
JBoss Clients
JBoss Console
JBoss Data Grid
JBoss Enterprise Application Platform
JBoss Interconnect
JBoss.org
JDG
jetbrains
Jetbrains
Junit
junit
jvm
Jvm
k8s
kbase
Kernel
kernel-based virtual machine
kernelspace
key store
kickstart
Kie
kie API
Kie Server
kjar
kJAR
knowledge API
knowledge base
knowledge session
knowledgebase
ksession
Kubelet
kubernetes
kvm
lan
Lan
Librados
LIBRADOS
Librbd
LIBRBD
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol over Secure Socket Layer
linux
LINUX
live-backup group
Local Zone
local zone
Lun
lun
LZ
m-TLS
master CA
master server
micro-profile
Microprofile
MicroSoft
Microsoft Azure Portal
Microsoft Windows Server
MoM
Mom
mom
Mongo DB
Mongo-db
mongoDB
Mongodb
MS
ms-dos
Ms-Dos
msdos
MSDOS
MSFT
MTLS
mutual tls
Mutual tls
Mutual TLS
mySQL
MYSQL
native interface
network interface card
node.js
node.JS
Node.JS
nodejs
Nodejs
O.K.D.
Object Storage Device
objectclass
Objective-C
OCM
OCP
OD
ODF
ok
OK button
okay
okd
On-Demand Marketplace
OO
Open InfiniBand
Open Rewrite
openid connect
Openid Connect
openrewrite
Openrewrite
OpenShift Cluster Manager
OpenShift Kubernetes Distribution
Openshift online
OpenShift Origin
OpenStack Platform
Operating Environment
Operating System
Operator hub
Operator Hub
operatorhub
Operatorhub
opEx
Opex
OPEX
ORAN
Org Admin
org admin
Organization administrator
OS
OSD daemon
Overcloud
P-PC
Planner
Playbook
podman
Podman desktop
Pop-up
popup
posix
Posix
Postscript
Powershell
powershell
PPC64
ppp
Ppp
prom
Prom
proof key for code exchange
proof of concepts
Properties editor
pSeries
puppet
puppet forge
q & a
Q & A
q&a
Q&A
qcow2
Qcow2
Qdmanage
QDMANAGE
Qdstat
QDSTAT
Qeth
QETH
ram
Ram
RAM-disk
ramdisk
RAMdisk
RAW
Red Boot
Red Hat Broker
Red Hat Console
Red Hat Interconnect
Red Hat JBoss Data Grid
Red Hat JBoss EAP
Red Hat Network Satellite server
Red Hat Proxy
Red Hat satellite
Red Hat Satellite Capsule server
Red Hat Satellite server
Red Hat Virtualization Hypervisor
Redboot
redis
Resource Planner
resteasy
Resteasy
RESTEASY
RH-OSP
RHCP
RHDS
RHEL host
RHEL-H
RHOS
RHV
RHV Host
RHV Manager
RHV-H
RHV-M
RHVM
Role Based Access Control
role based access control
Role-Based Access Control
rolling application stream
rolling application streams
rolling stream
rolling streams
rom
Rom
rpm
S-E Linux
s-record
s-Record
S-Record
samba
SAMBA
Satellite server
SE Linux
SE-Linux
self-hosted engine virtual machine
selinux
Shadow Man
Shadow passwords
Shadow utilities
ShadowMan
Smallrye
smart NIC
Smart State
smart state
Smart state
Smart-NIC
Smartstate
socks
SoftIRQ
software collection
Software collection
Source Navigator
source to image
Spec
Spice
spice
Spring boot
SR IOV
SREC
ssh
Ssh
SSL
SSL handshake
standard environment
standard Manager
Star Office
Staroffice
StartTLS
startTLS
StartX
STI
SU
sub version
Subscription manifest
Sys V
system d
system D
System V
SystemD
Technology preview
technology preview
The AMQ Broker
The Operator Lifecycle Manager
ttl
uid
UltraSparc
ULTRASPARC
unix
Unix
UNIX-like
uri
url
urn
Use the .NET Core framework
Use the .Net Core framework
Use the .Net framework
User Portal
var
VCPU
vcpu
VI
vim
VIM
Virtual Console
Virtual Desktop Server Management
Virtual Machine Portal
Virtual Network Interface Card
virtual-console
VisualStudio Code
VisualStudioCode
vlan
vLAN
VM portal
vm portal
vnic
VNIC
vnuma
VNUMA
vpn
VS Code
VSCode
VT
VT-i
wan
wca
web-UI
webadmin
webadmin portal
Webauthn
webAuthn
WebAuthN
Websocket
websocket
webUI
wi-fi
WiFi
Wifi
Window-Maker
WindowMaker
x-plat cli
X-PLAT CLI
x-plat-cli
X-PLAT-CLI
Xemacs
Xp
xp
xplat cli
XPLAT CLI
xplat-cli
XPLAT-CLI
Xterm
Yaml is not a markup language.

Commit message:

Add case & usage rule for The Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console Added: - suggest case and correct usage incl. adding "The" or "the" preceding Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console or Hybrid Cloud Console - suggestions for incorrect variations - additional suggested first instance

.vale/fixtures/RedHat/CaseSensitiveTerms/testinvalid.adoc, after:

A-MQ
A-MQ Broker
A-MQ Clients
A-MQ Console
A-MQ Interconnect
ack
ACK
ack packet
ActiveMQ
ActiveMQ Artemis
Admin Portal
Administration portal
Administrator Portal
Analysis
Ansible playbook
Ansible rulebook
Appliance Console
Application stream
application stream
Applix
ApplixWare
Appstream
appstream
Asciidoc
asciidoc
AsciiDoctor
asciidoctor
assertj
Assertj
auto-link
AutoLink
AWS opt in Region
basic auth
Basic auth
Basic Auth
basic authentication
Basic Authentication
BC
Bean
Bios
blue print
Blue Store
BluePrint
bluestore
BPM
BPMS
BRM
BRMS
BRMS engine
btrfs
burner
Business Central editor
c group
capex
capEx
Capex
Capsule server
CD 1
Cds
CDS
Ceph Ansible
Ceph block device
Ceph block devices
Ceph file system
Ceph filesystem
Ceph monitor
Ceph object gateway
Ceph object gateways
ceph-osd
cephfs
CFME
CGroup
cidr
classic mode
Classless Inter-domain Routing
Classless Interdomain Routing
CloudForms Management Engine
Cloud Console 
Cluster Manager
command prompt
Compared to yaml, JSON has way more curly braces.
Composite Content view
composite content view
Composite View
composite view
configmap
configuration map
Content view
content view
control key
CP
crush map
crushmap
csv
ctrl
customer portal
cygmon
CygMon
CYGMON
Data Grid console
data warehouse
Dataware House
day-0
Day-0
day-1
Day-1
day-2
Day-2
Decision Server
Denial of Service
Denial-of-Service
Dev Ops
dev preview
Dev-Ops
Developer preview
Development Preview
devops
Devops
directory manager
directory server
disk druid
Disk druid
diskdruid
DM
DNF automatic
dnf automatic
dns
dotNet
DVD burner
DWH
EAP
engine VM
ETCD
Etcd
Exec Shield
exif
EXIF
Extranet
F.A.Q
facter
faq
Faq
fault tolerant
fault-tolerance
fedora project
File Store
filestore
Firewalld
firewallD
FirewallD
Firewire
firewire
FlatHub
FlatPak
fortran
fqdn
Fqdn
Fuse Ignite
gb
Gb
gbps
GBPS
GDBTK
gid
Gid
gimp
Gimp
GIT
gnome
Gnome
gnu
Gnu
gpl
Gpl
Graalvm
graalVM
green boots
Greenboot
GRPC
Grub
Gtk
gtk
GUI editor
HCC
hot rod
HotRod
hotrod
HP Proliant
HTTP interface
Hybrid Cloud Console 
hyper-threading
hyperthreading
Hyperviser
HyperVisor
i-fix
i-Fix
ia64
IA64
IBM z Systems
ifix
iFix
Ignite
ignition config
IM
Image Builder
Image builder
Infiniband
INSTALL_DIR
installDir
Intel Tolapai
Iops
IOPs
Ip
IPSec
ipv4
IPV4
Ipv4
ipv6
IPV6
Ipv6
iSeries
iso
Istio Service Mesh
Itanium2
jar file
javadoc
jbang
Jbang
JBoss
JBoss AMQ
JBoss BPMS
JBoss BRMS
JBoss Broker
JBoss Clients
JBoss Console
JBoss Data Grid
JBoss Enterprise Application Platform
JBoss Interconnect
JBoss.org
JDG
jetbrains
Jetbrains
Junit
junit
jvm
Jvm
k8s
kbase
Kernel
kernel-based virtual machine
kernelspace
key store
kickstart
Kie
kie API
Kie Server
kjar
kJAR
knowledge API
knowledge base
knowledge session
knowledgebase
ksession
Kubelet
kubernetes
kvm
lan
Lan
Librados
LIBRADOS
Librbd
LIBRBD
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol over Secure Socket Layer
linux
LINUX
live-backup group
Local Zone
local zone
Lun
lun
LZ
m-TLS
master CA
master server
micro-profile
Microprofile
MicroSoft
Microsoft Azure Portal
Microsoft Windows Server
MoM
Mom
mom
Mongo DB
Mongo-db
mongoDB
Mongodb
MS
ms-dos
Ms-Dos
msdos
MSDOS
MSFT
MTLS
mutual tls
Mutual tls
Mutual TLS
mySQL
MYSQL
native interface
network interface card
node.js
node.JS
Node.JS
nodejs
Nodejs
O.K.D.
Object Storage Device
objectclass
Objective-C
OCM
OCP
OD
ODF
ok
OK button
okay
okd
On-Demand Marketplace
OO
Open InfiniBand
Open Rewrite
openid connect
Openid Connect
openrewrite
Openrewrite
OpenShift Cluster Manager
OpenShift Kubernetes Distribution
Openshift online
OpenShift Origin
OpenStack Platform
Operating Environment
Operating System
Operator hub
Operator Hub
operatorhub
Operatorhub
opEx
Opex
OPEX
ORAN
Org Admin
org admin
Organization administrator
OS
OSD daemon
Overcloud
P-PC
Planner
Playbook
podman
Podman desktop
Pop-up
popup
posix
Posix
Postscript
Powershell
powershell
PPC64
ppp
Ppp
prom
Prom
proof key for code exchange
proof of concepts
Properties editor
pSeries
puppet
puppet forge
q & a
Q & A
q&a
Q&A
qcow2
Qcow2
Qdmanage
QDMANAGE
Qdstat
QDSTAT
Qeth
QETH
ram
Ram
RAM-disk
ramdisk
RAMdisk
RAW
Red Boot
Red Hat Broker
Red Hat Console
Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console
Red Hat Interconnect
Red Hat JBoss Data Grid
Red Hat JBoss EAP
Red Hat Network Satellite server
Red Hat Proxy
Red Hat satellite
Red Hat Satellite Capsule server
Red Hat Satellite server
Red Hat Virtualization Hypervisor
Redboot
redis
Resource Planner
resteasy
Resteasy
RESTEASY
RH-OSP
RHCP
RHDS
RHEL host
RHEL-H
RHOS
RHV
RHV Host
RHV Manager
RHV-H
RHV-M
RHVM
Role Based Access Control
role based access control
Role-Based Access Control
rolling application stream
rolling application streams
rolling stream
rolling streams
rom
Rom
rpm
S-E Linux
s-record
s-Record
S-Record
samba
SAMBA
Satellite server
SE Linux
SE-Linux
self-hosted engine virtual machine
selinux
Shadow Man
Shadow passwords
Shadow utilities
ShadowMan
Smallrye
smart NIC
Smart State
smart state
Smart state
Smart-NIC
Smartstate
socks
SoftIRQ
software collection
Software collection
Source Navigator
source to image
Spec
Spice
spice
Spring boot
SR IOV
SREC
ssh
Ssh
SSL
SSL handshake
standard environment
standard Manager
Star Office
Staroffice
StartTLS
startTLS
StartX
STI
SU
sub version
Subscription manifest
Sys V
system d
system D
System V
SystemD
Technology preview
technology preview
The AMQ Broker
The Operator Lifecycle Manager
the Cloud Console
The Cloud Console 
the HCC 
The HCC
the RH HCC
The RH HCC 
Tolapai
ttl
uid
UltraSparc
ULTRASPARC
unix
Unix
UNIX-like
uri
url
urn
Use the .NET Core framework
Use the .Net Core framework
Use the .Net framework
User Portal
var
VCPU
vcpu
VI
vim
VIM
Virtual Console
Virtual Desktop Server Management
Virtual Machine Portal
Virtual Network Interface Card
virtual-console
VisualStudio Code
VisualStudioCode
vlan
vLAN
VM portal
vm portal
vnic
VNIC
vnuma
VNUMA
vpn
VS Code
VSCode
VT
VT-i
wan
wca
web-UI
webadmin
webadmin portal
Webauthn
webAuthn
WebAuthN
Websocket
websocket
webUI
wi-fi
WiFi
Wifi
Window-Maker
WindowMaker
x-plat cli
X-PLAT CLI
x-plat-cli
X-PLAT-CLI
Xemacs
Xp
xp
xplat cli
XPLAT CLI
xplat-cli
XPLAT-CLI
Xterm
Yaml is not a markup language.
